What an ordinary man!
Not worthy of me
Hahaha, how does this child speak?
Xiao Rong uh
Ruxin, this child's mouth is open-mouthed
Don't take it personally.
Haven't eaten?
Just in time for us to be together
Ruxin
I just happened to help your brother Xiaorong get a pair of dishes and chopsticks.
I have something to do, I'm going out
So late
Mom, it's my classmate's birthday today.
Can you wait in a hurry?
So late
How can you be a girl?
It's just right to let Xiaorong go with you
Introduce him to your friends
God
My friends are either rich or expensive
Can't play with him
If you don't agree, don't go to mom
OK
Just take him with you, at least you have someone to take care of you?
how
Go, go, have fun!
Hey! Can I tell you?
Don't think my mom is turning to you
What do you think of me?
We are two people from different worlds
It's impossible to be together
I will become one in the future
A strong woman like Qin Mengying knows
I'll take a call, then I'll go in first
Wait a minute, don't run around
Don't blame me
Hello Mr. Shen
Something happened to my grandpa.
Please save him